I've decided to get good at hockey and move to Korea to play in the KIHL 

Do you guys think Tobey Maguire and Andrew Garfield will show up in the new Spiderman movie?

What show should I watch next? I was considering watching Locke & Key, Sex Education or another show?

Watched Arcane on Netflix, I want to play Vi on League of Legends now... #teamVi

What's up friends?!? I have been out of social media but I'm back stronger than ever 

NFL is much better than NHL. Go Tampa Cowboys!

Dulce de leche donuts from Dunkin'

New world has great graphics, Genshin Impact has great graphics. Buuuut, nothing can compare with Assassins Creed's graphics. #ISaidIt

Can't believe Tim Elvira doesn't like hugs

Happy  51st, JK!

Maybe it wasn't a good idea to get into day trading...

Just found my new hobby- 
Day Trading!!

Today I heard a good country song (Tennessee Whiskey) and it made me think of my Texan friend David Jefts

I don't understand how Kirspy Kreme make a profit by giving a free donut to every person who has been vaccinated. I have already gotten more than free dozen because of it

Is there a better book than Holes? No, there isn't. It's just an amazing book. The movie is meh compared to it

Will I ever be as good as Tim Elvira at League of Legends? I sure hope so

Don't you ever wonder if your posts are being monitored?

I still can't believe there are people who haven't watched Demon Slayer. BEST. MOVIE. EVER

Next week is my high school's graduation class reunion. Can't wait to see my friends from Worthington Hooker School again!

Can't wait to eat ramen again. I love it so much! #yummyformytummy

Had some delicious enchiladas today! Def trying that recipe again!

Two new friends on Facebook! Happy days!
-jk

My Favorite TV show right now is Demon Slayer. #anime

My favorite place in the world is Los Angeles!! Loved it in the 90's!

Hi Friends, Come follow me if you want to look at cool tech stuff and discuss!!

Really cool idea from everyone at Tesla to make this new CyberTruck!!!!11!

I love research and software!
-jk

Graduated from Ball State University1999College — BS Interior Design/Marketing

Graduated from Worthington Hooker School1989High school

Started School at Ball State University1988College — BS Interior Design/Marketing

Born on September 23, 1970